Add info about pushed Docker images to README (#33)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-fluentd: README.md

[Fluentd](https://github.com/fluent/fluentd) image which is being used by
[sumologic-kubernetes-collection](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection).

> On each push to `main` branch, a new image tagged `latest` is pushed to Sumo Logic public Docker repository at `public.ecr.aws/u5z5f8z6/kubernetes-fluentd`. See [.github/workflows/dev_builds.yml](.github/workflows/dev_builds.yml) file and `push` target in [Makefile](./Makefile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images from this repository are pushed to Sumo Logic public AWS ECR
at `public.ecr.aws/u5z5f8z6/kubernetes-fluentd`.
Please take a look at `push` target in [Makefile](./Makefile) for more details.
```

When a version tag is added (e.g. `v1.2.3` or similar), a new image tagged `v1.2.3` is pushed to the same repository. See [.github/workflows/release_builds.yml](.github/workflows/release_builds.yml) file.

> 

Reviewer: I'd drop this, we can explicitly add a target in `Makefile` to wrap this logic
